there is an evil which I have seen under
the Sun and it is common among men a man
to whom God has given riches and wealth
and honor so that he lacks nothing for
himself of all he desires yet God does
not give him power to eat of it but a
foreigner consumes it this is vanity and
it is an evil affliction if a man
baguettes a hundred children and lives
many years so that the days of his years
are many but his soul is not satisfied
with goodness or indeed he has no burial
I say that a stillborn child is better
than he for it comes in vanity and
departs in darkness and its name is
covered with darkness though it has not
seen the Sun or known anything this has
more rest than that man even if he lives
a thousand years twice but has not seen
goodness do not all go to one place all
the labor of man is for his mouth and
yet the soul is not satisfied for what
more has the wise man than the fool
what does the poor man have who knows
how to walk before the living VESA is
the site of the eyes than the wandering
of desire this also is vanity and
grasping for the wind whatever one is he
has been named already for it is known
that he is man and he cannot contend
with him who is mightier than he since
there are many things that increase
vanity how is man the better for who
knows what is good for man in life all
the days of his fame life which he
passes like a shadow who can tell a man
what will happen after him Under the Sun
you